Update the name of the SMS Receiver API WebOTP API and revise supporting material (#2303)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/web-otp/index.md

### Process the OTP

> The WebOTP API itself is simple enough:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web OTP API itself is simple enough:
```

### Planning to use the API?

> Are you planning to use the WebOTP API? Your public support helps us prioritize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you planning to use the Web OTP API? Your public support helps us prioritize
```

## FAQ
### Why did you not align with Safari's one-time-code?

We [explored
options](https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/chromium/src/+/1639728)
similar to Safari's declarative
[`autocomplete="one-time-code"`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/security/password_autofill/enabling_password_autofill_on_an_html_input_element).
We believe our imperative approach provides a more flexible user experience and
reduces friction when verifying a phone number under certain circumstances. The
declarative approach is easier to implement for developers, but requires a form
field and at least several taps: focus on the input field, select the
one-time-code, then submit the form. Our approach (inspired by what native
[Android apps](https://developers.google.com/identity/sms-retriever/overview)
do) means that people make only a single tap in the browser, inline with the
page content.

### Is it safe to use SMS as a way to authenticate?

While SMS OTP is useful to verify a phone number when the number is first
provided, phone number verification via SMS must be used carefully for
re-authentication since phone numbers can be hijacked and recycled by carriers.

> WebOTP is a convenient re-auth and recovery mechanism, but services should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web OTP is a convenient re-auth and recovery mechanism, but services should
```

### Will an SMS message timeout?

> Yes. You can use [`AbortController`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController) to time the request out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. You can use [`AbortController`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController) to abort the request before the timeout expires.
```
